Update script mediator docs with GraalVM JS reference (#430)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/reference/mediators/script-mediator.md

!!! Important "Limitations and Alternatives to Script Mediator"
    While the Script mediator offers enhanced extensibility in the Synapse configuration, it is important to consider its potential limitations. We highly recommend utilizing the Script mediator only when absolutely necessary. In cases where extension requirements can be fulfilled using alternatives such as the Class mediator, we advise opting for the latter due to several reasons. Notably, the use of a Script mediator in moderately complex to sophisticated mediation flows may introduce significant performance overhead compared to a Java-based Class mediator. Therefore, we suggest prioritizing Class mediators as extensions to the mediation flow over Script mediators. However, for simpler tasks, the Script mediator can still serve as a versatile option.

!!! Note

>     The Micro Integrator uses GraalVM JS by default. If you have specified the language as `rhinoJs`, Rhino engine will be used to execute JavaScript. Rhino engine converts the script to a method inside a Java class. Therefore, when processing large JSON data volumes, the code length must be less than 65536 characters, since the Script mediator converts the payload into a Java object. However, you can use the following alternative options to process large JSON data volumes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Micro Integrator uses GraalVM JS by default. If you have specified the language as `rhinoJs`, Rhino engine will be used to execute JavaScript. Rhino engine converts the script to a method inside a Java class. Therefore, when processing large JSON data volumes, the code length must be less than 65,536 characters, since the Script mediator converts the payload into a Java object. However, you can use the following alternative options to process large JSON data volumes.
```

    </tr>
    <tr class="odd">
    <td>JavaScript</td>
    <td>The JavaScript based on GraalVM JS is enabled by default in the Micro Integrator and ready for use.</td>
    </tr>
    </tbody>
    </table>

    !!! Note

>          The language `nashornJs` is deprecated from the JDK in Java 15. If you are using JDK 15 or above, you need to manually copy the [nashorn-core](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.openjdk.nashorn/nashorn-core/15.4) and [asm-util](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.ow2.asm/asm-util/9.5) jars to the <code>&lt;MI_HOME&gt;/lib</code> directory since Nashorn was [removed](https://openjdk.org/jeps/372) from the JDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         The `nashornJs` language is deprecated in JDK 15 and above. If you are using JDK 15 or above, you need to manually copy the [nashorn-core](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.openjdk.nashorn/nashorn-core/15.4) and [asm-util](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.ow2.asm/asm-util/9.5) JAR files to the <code>&lt;MI_HOME&gt;/lib</code> directory since Nashorn was [removed](https://openjdk.org/jeps/372) from the JDK.
```

      </tr>
    </table>

!!! Note

>          The Script mediator now utilizes the GraalVM JS engine for language 'js'. GraalVM JS engine does not provide E4X support for XML. For E4X support, you can use the Rhino engine. To use the Rhino engine, you need to specify the language as 'rhinoJs' in the Script mediator language configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         The Script mediator now utilizes the GraalVM JS engine for the `js` language. The GraalVM JS engine does not provide E4X support for XML. For E4X support, you can use the Rhino engine. To use the Rhino engine, you need to specify the language as `rhinoJs` in the Script mediator language configuration.
```
